[1]Lancelet V: Leaves and Ladies

by Nom D. Plum

"A Historically Accurate Bodice-Ripper!" -Paul, A Trustworthy Historian

[2]	"Now that they're finally down for their naps," Lancelet whispered, kissing the back of Guinevere's porcelain hand, "We have some time alone."
	Guinevere smiled at Lancelet, the man who had made all this possible. The man who had rescued her when her ex-husband, Arthur, had tried to scorch her at the stake. The man she loved with all her bosom. Her one and only.
	"Mmm, we have both been very busy," she said, sitting on a chair sewn from locally grown and fed rabbits. "I'm sorry."
[3]	"Why are you sorry?" Lancelet asked, sitting behind her and giving her a sensual massage through her corset.
	"You're out here working your heart and soul when you used to adventure-"
	"Shhh. Don't talk about times past. I love you, Guinevere, even if I have to work hard to provide for you and our children-Helewise, Marlin, and Kay-who are nine, five, and five, respectively, because the last two are twins. It's all worth it." He rekissed the back of Guinevere's hand.
	At that exact millisecond, the bugles echoed outside.
[4]	Lancelet and Guinevere sprinted outside. Guinevere recognized Sir Kay, a knight of her ex-husband's Round Table, after whom she had named her son. Behind him gleamed a silver space ship that he must have used to travel to their abode. The bugles were attached his ship, three to each wing. He pressed a button on his lapel and the bugles fell silent. Then he cleared his throat and unscrolled a scroll.
	"Hear ye, one and all! Sir Lancelet, once a knight of His Majesty Arthur's Round Table, is hereby beckoned ye forth to ride ye to His Majesty's aid! For the Gulls have attacked!
[5]	"King Arthur wishes for Lancelet, formerly an esteemed knight by his side, to return to his former glory and give aid in the upcoming war!"
	Kay scrolled the scroll back up and nodded pompitiously. "Yes, His Most Gracious Magisterial Presence has decided to forgive you for your transgressions. The both of you."
	For several milliseconds, neither Lancelet nor Guinevere spoke.
	Finally, before Lancelet could speak, Guinevere spoke. "You're not going to go, are you?" she asked.
[6]	Lancelet looked at her, taking in the beauty of her cerulean orbs, blood orange lips, emerald hair, vanilla neck, elvish ears, and soulful nostrils. "I must obey."
	"After what he's done? To me? To you? To us? To each of us?"
	"I shall return." Lancelet cupped her face in his rough and tender hands. His left hand was tenderer than his right hand.
	"But this may be a death sentence! The Gulls peck the eyes of their slain foes!"
	"True," he agreed, nodding in agreement, "but the Gulls have heard of King Arthur's noble knights, slaying wave after wave of invaders. They shall be the ones who fear us!
[7]	"When I return, we'll have the children you've always wanted. I promise you."
	Guinevere sighed. "Fine. But before you go, I shall give you something to keep as a remembrance of me."
	Lancelet smiled. "I would like that very much, Gwen."
	Guinevere reached up to her underarms and plucked some hairs from them. "My underarm hair. It'll keep you company. Whenever you think of me, look at them and see me in them."
	Lancelet took the hairs and stored them in his pockets. "I shall be counting down the days until we meet again, sweet Guinevere."
[8]	Sir Kay and Lancelet left that night after dinner. They took Sir Kay's space vehicle to the planet of Camelot and made camp.
	Lancelet was gathering firewood when he found a fallen meteorite at the edge of a nearby forest. Halfway inside the rock, almost up to the hilt, was a golden sword that gleamed like fish eyes glowing in the dark. Lancelet walked up to the rock and pulled the sword out with ease. The sword was much bigger than Excalibur. He felt masculine. He put the sword in his inventory. The next day, he and Sir Kay continued on to Camelot.
[9]	Soon Lancelet and Sir Kay reached the kingdom of Camelot on the planet of Camelot. The guards brought them to where Arthur sat in the throne room.
	"Lancelet!" the king said jovially, as if he never lost his friend. "I am so glad you could make it!"
	Lancelet dropped to one knee and bowed his head.
	"Come now, none of that formal stuff!" Arthur led Lancelet to a book on a podium behind the throne. "You come just in time. I know what will help us fight against the incoming army of Gulls. Unfortunately, the nature of the object is lost to time."
[10]	"How do we get it if we don't know what it is?"
	"According to this book, uh, a vampire mermaid on the planet Trnsylvn has the item. Go with Sir Kay and secure it. Then bring it straight to me."
	Lancelet's head spun. "A vampire mermaid?" He scanned the book, but it was open to a different page about Camelot's finances.
	"That's right, my old friend. Good luck on your quest! It's like you never left!" And with that, the guards ushered Lancelet to a four-star hotel to rest.
[11]	The next morning, Lancelet and Sir Kay took the space vehicle and flew to Trnsylvn. Sure enough, they reached a lair that was dark, dim, and aromatic. Lancelet and Sir Kay rode their horses inside to find a vampire mermaid reclining on a seat of thorns, tail sensually brushing the wet cave floor.
	"Welcome, good sirs," she greeted them. "What brings you here?"
	"We're in search of a legended item," Sir Kay told her.
	The vampire mermaid shrugged. "Never seen it."
[12]	"Lies!" Lancelet barked. "We know you possess it! So says the Book! Hand it over!"
	The vampire mermaid sidled up to them, waving her luxurious tail. "Poor little me has no idea what you mean."
	Lancelet glanced at the mermaid's cheeks, but remembered the lock of underarm hair in his pockets.
	Kay, however, smiled dopily at her and said, "I think she might be telling the truth."
	"Kay, remember, the book says-"
	The next thing he knew, Sir Kay was screaming as the vampire mermaid sank her teeth into his soft, baby-like skin.
[13]	Before Lancelet could save him, all of Sir Kay's blood had been drained. As his husk of a body fell to the floor, the vampire mermaid smiled at Lancelet. His heart raced. "King Arthur sent you, didn't he?" She flicked Sir Kay's body with her tail. "He didn't prepare you very well."
	Lancelet looked at her blood-covered face, now more beautiful than ever. He decided to set his blaster to stun. "This is your last chance. Tell me where you've hidden it."
	The vampire mermaid licked her fangs. "Do you like games, Lancelet?"
	"Sometimes I play Go Fish. With pairs. It's easier."
[14]	"Fish," the mermaid murmured, looking him up and down. "Let's make a deal. We take turns giving each other riddles. If I fail to answer one of your riddles, I will tell you of what you seek. If you fail to answer one of my riddles, I will kill you. What say you?"
	Lancelet smiled. He had already solved the riddle of the life, the universe, and everything. This would be easy. "I'll start. What is something that belongs to you, but you never use?"
	The mermaid chortled. "A coffin! You don't know you're using it."
	"Don't you sleep in a coffin, as a vampire?"
[15]	"Coffins are disgusting!" The mermaid tossed her hair. "My turn. What walks on four legs at dawn, two legs at noon, and three legs at sunset?"
	"A bear in its different feeding positions," Lancelet said immediately.
	The vampire mermaid pouted. "That one always stumps mortals."
	"Here's a good riddle," said Lancelet. "What goes up but never comes down, and is everywhere that you look?"
	The mermaid pondered. "The sun?"
	"No!" Lancelet said, sensing his victory. "The sun sets! The correct answer is leaves. They're everywhere and they're up, not down on the ground."
[16]	The vampire mermaid's eyes widened. "I lost. The item you seek is the Sword of Swords. I stole it from King Arthur while his pants were down and jammed it in a random space rock! No one will ever find it." She smirked. "So you see, you may have won the riddle contest, but you will never find your weapon."
	Lancelet recalled the sword that he had acquired only the day before. He unsheathed it. "You mean this?"
	"No! Impossible!" The vampire mermaid darted for the lair's exit. Lancelet chased her outside, but before he could cut the vampire mermaid, she turned into a gigantic green dragon.
[17]	The dragon roared, and for the first time, Lancelet was frightened. But then he remembered the impending battle against the Gulls. A dragon might come in handy.
	"O Noble Dragon!" He knelt and flung aside the Sword of Swords. "You have defeated me! Me! A (formerly) esteemed knight of His Majesty's Round Table!" He tore open his armor, baring his naked chest. "I implore you, do not kill me using your claws, but bite me with your teeth to drain my blood and essence. I am a willing sacrifice to you! Might I know your name that I may whisper it with my dying breath?"
[18]	The dragon's heart swelled at his artful diplomacy. She shrank back into a normal vampire mermaid. "That was so sweet," she wept. "My name is Ethel. I spare you, Lancelet."
	Lancelet stood and retrieved the Sword of Swords. "Thank you for not killing me, Ethel."
	The mermaid smiled up at him. "Lancelet, you have deemed yourself noble and true and valiant. How may I serve you?"
	With the vampire mermaid dragon by his side, Lancelet flew back to Camelot. When he arrived at the front of the battlefield, the war had already started.
[19]	He shot Gulls on the ground with the bugle guns on Kay's space vehicle while Ethel tackled Gull ships out of the sky.
	Soon only 16 Gulls were left standing while on Arthur's side there were still 5,258 soldiers alive, with only 128 of them injured. Seeing that they were outnumbered, the Gulls retreated. Lancelet and the other knights did a victory dance around the battlefield. The mermaid vampire dragon also did a lap around in the sky, setting trees on fire. Everyone who was alive forgave her.
	After his glorious victory over the Gulls, Lancelet went to Arthur and presented the Sword of Swords.
[20]	"Your Majesty, I, along with your finest knights sans Kay have defeated the Gulls."
	"Indeed, I saw from my window, which has a balcony and two chairs. You should have brought the sword to me immediately. I also saw that you made a friend." Just then, the vampire mermaid dragon appeared at Lancelet's side in mermaid form.
	"This is the woman you sent me to find, my liege. Would you deign to pardon her for her impish theft? She helped us defeat the Gulls."
	Arthur looked at Ethel from top to bottom several times. "Very well," he intoned. "I thank thee."
[21]	"Is there anything else I can help you with?" Lancelet asked.
	"No, old friend. You've done enough. You are free to return to Guinevere. Tell your wife I say hello and that I am sorry."
	Lancelet bowed his head reverently "Yes, Your Majesty. Thank you. It was an honor serving by-near-your side once again."
	He turned and embraced Ethel. She draped her arms over him in a modest hug. "And it was a pleasure to serve near you," she whispered.
	Lancelet remembered his wife's armpits. He hastily let go and left the room.
[22]	Arthur smiled widely once Lancelet left. "As for you, vampire mermaid dragon, you may serve me as my personal attendant." The vampire mermaid dragon grabbed him by the shirt and chomped on head, shoulders, knees, and toes. He didn't even have time to scream.
	Then the vampire mermaid dragon transformed into the form of King Arthur himself and sat on King Arthur's throne. She stroked the Sword of Swords in her lap.
	
	When Lancelet came home, he hugged and kissed his wife and children and told them of all that had transpired, except the part were Sir Kay died.
[23]	Once Lancelet and Guinevere were in bed, Guinevere asked, "How was my hair?"
	"It helped." He returned the locks to her. She reattached them to her arm.
	"It must have been thrilling to see a dragon," his wife said. "Did you ride it?"
	"No, perhaps in the next war. I have heard the Saxophones are amassing an army."
	"You would look handsome riding a vampire mermaid dragon," Guinevere said.
	Lancelet agreed. For a vampire mermaid, Ethel wasn't too bad looking. With a man like himself on her back, they would be two bright stars in the sky.
	"Next war," he whispered, falling asleep with his wife in his arms.
